let me show you how the Snapdragon X
Elite chip finally makes Windows laptops
good firstly it enables you to do proper
AI jobs like sketch with Microsoft Paint
but also alongside it adding an AI
prompt so the AI can build well a better
version of whatever you're trying to
make and live captions which means that
any audio that you hear can be
translated and written out for you in
plain text you could literally have a
video call with someone speaking Spanish
and you will see the English translation
written on your screen but there's
another side to it the power efficiency
is crazy which means three things one
that you can now expect 15 to 20 hours
of usage time per charge which is the
first time in 4 years that Windows is
actually back on track with apple two
that you're going to have like at most
1% battery leakage overnight while on
standby but also it means that your chip
can always stay on the second you open
your laptop lid your laptop is on it's
ready to go but you know the thing that
surprised me more than anything else is
how much better your camera quality
becomes the image signal processor on
the Snapdragon X Elite chip upgrades
both the audio and the video quality and
the difference is not subtle